README.rst, before:

debi: Debian Package Installer (via GitHub releases)
====================================================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/debi.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/debi

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/debi.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/debi

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/wheel/debi.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/debi

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/debi.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/debi

---------------

A command-line interface for installing Debian packages via GitHub releases.

Install
-------

::

    $ pip install debi


Usage
-----

::

    $ debi --help
    Usage: debi [OPTIONS] OWNER REPO

      Installing Debian packages via GitHub releases.

    Options:
      --beta        Install the beta version of the package
      --thirtytwo   Install the 32-bits version (instead of the 64-bits)
      --help        Show this message and exit.

::

    $ debi atom atom
    Finding the latest release for atom/atom
    Fetching https://github.com/atom/atom/releases/download/v1.18.0/atom-amd64.deb
    Installing atom v1.18.0
    ✔ Successfully installed!

::

    $ debi atom atom --beta
    Finding the latest release for atom/atom
    https://github.com/atom/atom/releases/download/v1.19.0-beta4/atom-amd64.deb
    Installing atom v1.19.0-beta4
    ✔ Successfully installed!

By default, ``debi`` will look for the 64-bits version (based on the name of the release). If you want to install the 32-bits version instead, add the flag ``--thirtytwo``.

::

    $ debi webtorrent webtorrent-desktop --thirtytwo
    Finding the latest release for webtorrent/webtorrent-desktop
    Fetching https://github.com/webtorrent/webtorrent-desktop/releases/download/v0.18.0/webtorrent-desktop_0.18.0-1_i386.deb
    Installing webtorrent-desktop v0.18.0
    ✔ Successfully installed!


License
-------

MIT

Commit message:

readme: add list of popular programs installable via debi

README.rst, after:

Debi
====================================================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/debi.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/debi

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/debi.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/debi

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/wheel/debi.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/debi

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/debi.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/debi

**Debi** provides an quick and easy way to install Debian packages via GitHub releases.

Here's some popular programs you can install using **Debi**:

- Atom
- Brave
- Keeweb
- Webtorrent Desktop
- ...

Install
-------

::

    $ pip install debi


Usage
-----

::

    $ debi --help
    Usage: debi [OPTIONS] OWNER REPO

      Installing Debian packages via GitHub releases.

    Options:
      --beta        Install the beta version of the package
      --thirtytwo   Install the 32-bits version (instead of the 64-bits)
      --help        Show this message and exit.

::

    $ debi atom atom
    Finding the latest release for atom/atom
    Fetching https://github.com/atom/atom/releases/download/v1.18.0/atom-amd64.deb
    Installing atom v1.18.0
    ✔ Successfully installed!

::

    $ debi atom atom --beta
    Finding the latest release for atom/atom
    Fetching https://github.com/atom/atom/releases/download/v1.19.0-beta4/atom-amd64.deb
    Installing atom v1.19.0-beta4
    ✔ Successfully installed!

By default, **Debi** will look for the 64-bits version (based on the name of the release). If you want to install the 32-bits version instead, add the flag ``--thirtytwo``.

::

    $ debi webtorrent webtorrent-desktop --thirtytwo
    Finding the latest release for webtorrent/webtorrent-desktop
    Fetching https://github.com/webtorrent/webtorrent-desktop/releases/download/v0.18.0/webtorrent-desktop_0.18.0-1_i386.deb
    Installing webtorrent-desktop v0.18.0
    ✔ Successfully installed!


License
-------

MIT
